# Tree Groups
# Last updated for 1.6.1
# (c) MightyPork

root = Pack
root.image = Textures
root.image.block = Blocks
root.image.block.bed = Bed
root.image.block.cake = Cake
root.image.block.crafting = Crafting, Smelting & Magic
root.image.block.crops = Crops
root.image.block.destroy = Breaking Animation
root.image.block.doors = Doors
root.image.block.liquids = Liquids & Fire
root.image.block.plants = Plants
root.image.block.portal = Portals
root.image.block.rails = Rails
root.image.block.redstone = Redstone stuff
root.image.block.redstone.machines = Machines
root.image.block.regular = Regular Blocks
root.image.block.regular.brick = Bricks & Slabs
root.image.block.regular.clay = Coloured Clay
root.image.block.regular.cubes = Storage Cubes
root.image.block.regular.ores = Ores
root.image.block.regular.quartz = Quartz
root.image.block.regular.sandstone = Sandstone
root.image.block.regular.wool = Coloured Wool
root.image.block.regular.dirt = Dirt, Grass & Co.
root.image.block.wood = Wood & Leaves		
root.image.entity = Entities
root.image.entity.armor = Armour
root.image.entity.mob = Mobs
root.image.entity.mob.cat = Cat
root.image.entity.mob.cow = Cow & Mooshroom
root.image.entity.mob.creeper = Creeper
root.image.entity.mob.enderdragon = Ender Dragon
root.image.entity.mob.enderman = Enderman
root.image.entity.mob.ghast = Ghast
root.image.entity.mob.horse = Horse
root.image.entity.mob.horse.armor = Horse Armour
root.image.entity.mob.pig = Pig
root.image.entity.mob.sheep = Sheep
root.image.entity.mob.skeleton = Skeleton
root.image.entity.mob.slime = Slime & Magma Cube
root.image.entity.mob.spider = Spider
root.image.entity.mob.villager = Villager
root.image.entity.mob.wither = Wither
root.image.entity.mob.wolf = Wolf
root.image.entity.mob.zombie = Zombie		
root.image.entity.misc = Other
root.image.entity.misc.chest = Chests
root.image.entity.misc.chest = Ender Crystal		
root.image.gui = Menu & Gui	
root.image.gui.achievement = Achievement Screen
root.image.gui.map = Maps
root.image.gui.container = Containers & Crafting
root.image.gui.container.creative = Creative Inventory
root.image.gui.title = Title Screen
root.image.gui.title.background = Background Scene		
root.image.misc = Misc
root.image.environment = Environment
root.image.colormap = Color Maps
root.image.particle = Particles		
root.image.item = Items	
root.image.item.tools = Tools & Weapons
root.image.item.armour = Armour
root.image.item.crops = Food & Crops
root.image.item.records = Music Discs
root.image.item.buckets = Buckets & Potions
root.image.item.horses = Horse Gear
root.image.item.mob_drops = Mob Drops
root.image.item.redstone = Redstone
root.image.item.dyes = Dyes
root.image.item.rare = Ores
root.image.item.minecarts = Minecarts
root.image.item.fireworks = Fireworks
root.image.item.skulls = Mob Heads
root.image.item.books = Books & Maps
root.audio = Audio
root.audio.music = Music
root.audio.music.records = Music Discs
root.audio.music.ambient = Ambient Music
root.audio.music.note = Note Blocks
root.audio.sound = Sounds
root.audio.sound.environment = Environment
root.audio.sound.environment.ambient_cave = Cave
root.audio.sound.environment.ambient_weather = Weather
root.audio.sound.environment.liquid = Liquids & Fire
root.audio.sound.environment.portal = Portal
root.audio.sound.step = Footstep
root.audio.sound.dig = Digging
root.audio.sound.fireworks = Fireworks
root.audio.sound.minecart = Minecart
root.audio.sound.damage = Hit & Fall
root.audio.sound.random = Random
root.audio.sound.random.bow = Bow Hit
root.audio.sound.random.explode = Explosion
root.audio.sound.random.eat = Food & Drink
root.audio.sound.random.chest = Chest
root.audio.sound.random.anvil = Anvil
root.audio.sound.mob = Mobs
root.audio.sound.mob.bat = Bat
root.audio.sound.mob.blaze = Blaze
root.audio.sound.mob.cat = Cat
root.audio.sound.mob.chicken = Chicken
root.audio.sound.mob.cow = Cow
root.audio.sound.mob.creeper = Creeper
root.audio.sound.mob.enderdragon = Ender Dragon
root.audio.sound.mob.enderman = Enderman
root.audio.sound.mob.ghast = Ghast
root.audio.sound.mob.horse = Horse & Co.
root.audio.sound.mob.horse.donkey = Donkey
root.audio.sound.mob.horse.skeleton = Skeletal Horse
root.audio.sound.mob.horse.zombie = Zombie Horse
root.audio.sound.mob.irongolem = Iron Golem
root.audio.sound.mob.magmacube = Magma Cube
root.audio.sound.mob.pig = Pig
root.audio.sound.mob.sheep = Sheep
root.audio.sound.mob.silverfish = Silverfish
root.audio.sound.mob.skeleton = Skeleton
root.audio.sound.mob.slime = Slime
root.audio.sound.mob.spider = Spider
root.audio.sound.mob.villager = Villager
root.audio.sound.mob.wither = Wither
root.audio.sound.mob.wolf = Wolf
root.audio.sound.mob.zombie = Zombie
root.audio.sound.mob.zombiepig = Zombie Pigman		
root.font = Font	
root.font.unicode = Unicode
root.text = Texts
root.text.lang = Translations